# TA Meeting

## Date and Location
May 16th, 2024 @ 5:40 pm
Meeting began: 5:40 pm
Meeting ended: 5:50 pm

## Attendees:
- Jash (TA)
- Alessio
- Maxim
- Addy
- Hoang
- Uliyaah

## Meeting Notes:
- Jash said the pipeline, docs, and adr's look good
- Asked about branching on issues. It will be based feature/issue
- Now approved to use local-first database tech, but we'll just use local storage


## Action Items:
- Make ci/cd diagram horizontal

