
# [Spring Review/General Meeting]

## 5/19/2024 
@Discord 
[Date and time, location]
Meeting began: [1:00]
Meeting ended: [1:49]

## Attendees:
- Addy
- Alessio
- Jacqueline
- Zeyad
- Maxim
- Rocky
- Salman
- Sarah
- Uliyaah
- Venkata 

## Agenda:
- Reflect on our progress so far
- Go over our plan of action going forward
- address any concerns and questions anyone has. 

## Meeting Notes:
- We first looked over the figma and explained to the team members how our design is supposed to look and work.
- Float teams 1 and 2 explained how the pages split up and float team 2 showed the nav bar that they worked on.
- Backend explained how notes/projects/tasks are going to be stored and how they should be accessed for the float teams to build the different components.
- We discussed any questions or concerns any of the team members may have and worked to come to a feasile solution.

## Action Items:
- Backend team will contine working on setting up the setter and getter methods and the json file.
- Backend team will make one example file for the float teams to work off of. 
- Both float teams will work on the skeletons of the pages that were assigned into
- The UI teams will go through the skeleton and style the different componetnts of the skelton the float teams create. 

-â€”
