# Mid-Week Meeting
### Date and Location
6/05 at 7:15 PM, Discord

Meeting began: 7:15 PM

Meeting ended: 8:30 PM

### Attendees:
- Maxim
  
- Addy
  
- Alessio
  
- Hoang
  
- Zeyad
  
- Rocky
  
- Salman
  
- Sarah
  
- Uliyaah
  
- Venkata
  
- Jacqueline

### Agenda:
- Access what we have accomplished in the last few days of the sprint.
  
- Review the current state of the project.
  
- Review the current backlog and what needs to be added to the backlog.
  
- What we need to do going forward.

### Meeting Notes:
**General Notes:**

- Went through every page and functionality of project.
  - Added issue for each bug/missing feature we found.

- Pushed hot fixes to project.

- Settings page is a low priority.

- Project is in good shape functionality wise.
  - Just small issues we need to fix.

### Action Items:

- Must style every element that lacks styling currently.
  - Need global css file for fonts and other global styling.

- If we find something that needs to be fixed, create issue for it.

- Assign yourself to current backlog of issues.

- Make tags editable.

- Change project id to project title for each note.

- Lessen number of notes available on homepage in recents.

- Meet again Friday Night
  
## Next Meeting: Friday Night, 6/7

















































