# Retrospective for Sprint of 5/19

## Date and Location
[6/9 at 845 pm PM, Discord]
Meeting began: [8:45 PM]
Meeting ended: [9:05 PM]

## Attendees:
- Alessio
- Hoang
- Rocky
- Salman
- Sarah
- Venkata
- Addy

### Agenda
- Reflect on our work thus far as well as plan video
- The stuff we reflect on can be stuff in the video.

### Challenges: 
- we had one big github mishap that forced ust to revert commits. 
- Keeping boards and members update. 
- Merge conflicts.

### Things we overcame:
- People not knowing the codebase.
- Backend troubles
- Made tests towards the end of development.
- People not knowing what to do.

### What would we have done differently:
- less redundant code
- global css styling from the start
- keep mobile in mind from the start

### fun hijinks
- app breaking merge we did in the middle of a discord call

### advice
- There's a hidden rubric
- mobile responsiveness
- process (boards)
- testing
- adrs 
- diagrams
- features/ui
- how much ur ta likes you

![image](https://github.com/CSE-110-Group-13/cse110-sp24-group13/assets/100500846/ebaafb0b-68f8-4c7d-9402-d5d5297c047f)

What we need to do next: Make video
